hey it's me Destin
Tuscaloosa recently got rocked by a
tornado real bad
National Guard's in the street power
guys are working hard trying to get
power back on and of course media it's
bad
and so my sister is in Tuscaloosa when
all the tornadoes hit and if you've
never been here before you can't really
tell the damage but all the trees are
gone and you can see the path that the
tornado took if you see way off in the
distance this line of trees there used
to be trees between here and all the way
there now there's not and you can see
the destruction on the street she was in
this house right here say hello so where
exactly were you when you almost pooped
your pants it's a
so she was in the bathroom right here
and you can see this uh this big oak
tree fell on her house it hit a couple
places but it destroyed this other house
it's just pretty crazy let's go look
this is not a this is not a small tree
pretty incredible - needless to say we
feel very blessed to have Bradley with
us still you want to say anything about
what went down here so here's the here's
the couch slash hangout spot slash oak
tree roll tide baby holy crap alright I
think we found our source for shingles
for patching the roof
you're gonna have to disconnect all the
power from all the houses before they
turn the power back on aren't they these
things go up in flames all right I'm
gonna grab some shingles and we'll patch
the roof take some by them gonna be
better
people want to you really did yeah
this video is gonna be useless later
money video other stuff yeah tell me
that that's insane yes this is why when
she opened in Seoul this what it were
when she opened his backside this is
holy mess that is insane so she was
right here she's right that was out this
8ohm in their bathtub hey them in here
so when they say get to the center of
the house laying joking they were
outside here's the Sun that's cool
that's crazy man real from all over
Russia sheiks coming
sir I hadn't walked all the way over yet
watery doctor yeah yeah you can
make it down there
that's my drive drive it I don't know if
you get there at the end
yeah hey this is mr. Walker he was
across the street from my sister and he
was in his house when she was in her
house he's gonna tell me it yes she was
home he's gonna tell me his end of the
story here so let's see what mr. Walker
has to say man it was heard it coming
good I guess she didn't last over 27
really by the time I with it by saying
total all 30 suffer it was it cousin
Harry one little walk walk
it was old weird that's it one loud
noise that whap was a tree I don't know
whatever but man I know his windows is
made on this hill he was gone man's
Tramp tell me what you got what kind of
damage you got here all the ones on the
other side around here all of them are
gone you had any problems with looters
not yet not yet you think they're here
though yeah I know they are oh yeah my
neighbor Hammond oh yeah we think about
our science you see Second Amendment in
effect you loot we shoot we could I
think it's great great the cops seem to
like it too hit X last regarding the
same Tuscaloosa y'all be good oh you're
War Eagle gang
hey I'll take it you got roll tide over
here you worry a ball a ball hey that's
okay I lived in Tennessee for a while
I'll take it
hey when something like this goes down
we all the same ain't we that's right
y'all have a go against alright so you
can see this guy's technique was just
like ours just showing force or letting
people know that you've got something
not necessarily brandishing it and about
to use it but just the fact that you've
got a weapon is often to turn
and where your relative motion is going
show you once again stay only stationary
as a body I can move his body and pretty
much any direction